docs: decision to standardize django/djangojs po files FC-0012 (#32994)
openedx/edx-platform: docs/decisions/0018-standarize-django-po-files.rst

Standardize ``django.po`` and ``djangojs.po`` files
===================================================

Status
------

Accepted

Context
-------

> #. The edx-platform splits its translations files to ``mako-studio.po``,
>    ``django-partial.po`` among 11 files in total to make it possible for
>    translators to focus on learner-facing text
>    and de-prioritize educator-facing text. The idea was that LMS would be
>    translated into more languages than CMS (Studio) would.

Author: ```suggestion
#. The edx-platform splits its translations into ``mako-studio.po``,
   ``django-partial.po``, and 9 other files.  This was done with the
   intention of supporting more languages in the LMS than in
   the CMS (Studio).
```
